Create ui-c8y-1018-503-88-data-points-graph-realtime-disabled-when-tab-is-in-background-6288.md (#2066)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1018-503-88-data-points-graph-realtime-disabled-when-tab-is-in-background-6288.md

---
date: ""

> title: Data points graph realtime is disabled when tab is in background issue fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data points graph realtime is kept enabled when the tab is in background
```

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen I commited your version with 'browser' word added

> title: Data points graph realtime is disabled when tab is in background issue fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Data points graph realtime is kept enabled when the browser tab is in background
```

> title: Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6331)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Data points graph realtime updates disabled when browser tab is in background
```

> title: Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6331)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Data points graph realtime is disabled when tab is in background issue fix.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58410
version: 1018.503.88
---

> Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6331)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To improve performance and reduce unnecessary resource consumption, the data points graph will no longer update in realtime when the browser tab containing the application is in the background or not visible to the user. The graph will resume realtime updates once the tab is brought back into focus. This change optimizes system resources by avoiding unnecessary graph rendering when the user is not actively viewing the application tab, resulting in improved overall performance and responsiveness of the application.
```

> Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6331)

Reviewer 2: Data points graph realtime was automatically disabled when tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user's interaction.

> Data points graph realtime disabled when tab is in background (#6288) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6331)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Data points graph realtime was automatically disabled when tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user's interaction.
```

> Data points graph realtime was automatically disabled when tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user's interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The realtime functionality for the data points graph was automatically disabled when the tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user interaction.
```

Reviewer: What is the context, what does "the tab" mean here? Is it in the Data points graph widget? On a dashboard?

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen it's browser tab. I commited your version with 'browser' word added

> Data points graph realtime was automatically disabled when tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user's interaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The realtime functionality for the data points graph was automatically disabled when the browser tab was in the background. With this fix, realtime is kept enabled and can be disabled only by direct user interaction.
```
